DOCSP-16365 align mongosh types with driver types (#121)
mongodb/docs-mongodb-shell: source/reference/compatibility.txt

--------------

The legacy ``mongo`` shell stored numerical values as ``doubles`` by
default. In ``mongosh`` numbers are stored as 32 bit integers,

> ``Int32``, or else as ``Double`` if the value cannot be converted to an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``Int32``, or else as ``Double`` if the value cannot be stored as an
```

(because there is no real conversion taking place here)

Author: Done
